[polaris.shopify.com] Add link to component lifecycle in alpha banner (#8225)
Shopify/polaris: polaris.shopify.com/content/components/text.md

  - list
status:
  value: Beta

>   message: This component is in development. There could be breaking changes made to it in a non-major release of Polaris. Please use with caution. To learn more please read about our [component lifecycle](/getting-started/components-lifecycle).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  message: This component is ready for wider adoption, usage is encouraged for most cases. Breaking changes are possible in minor version updates. To learn more please read about our [component lifecycle](/getting-started/components-lifecycle).
```
